it just so happens we have on
our video call i think we've
brought them in
we have someone who's a
tightrope instructor Sonja heart
instead she teaches at the
circus warehouse here in New
York soon you do have you on the
line i'm here all Sonja hello
thanks for being on Startalk
hi it's great to be here yeah so
so I did I guess we know
intellectually that people such
as yourself exist but to really
see you you teach people
highwire stunts
yes that's that's a correct
statement ok so what kind of
mindset does it take to do 22
who comes to you to do this
that's really what i should be
asking here
well you know the funny thing is
that a whole range of people
come to us and it's really
interesting to see who's
interested in the challenge
are we we teach the wires not
that high so it's not a fear
thing it's really more about
finding a way to get your body
is something that's really
challenging so are you saying
you can actually teach this
skill is not just some some
psychological state of the
person who finds you well and a
little bit you also teach the
psychological state but you can
absolutely teach tight
wire-walking anyone can walk a
tight where and when did this
begin in your life when I was in
high school I want a vacation
and they had a flying trapeze
sir
and when I jumped off i just
knew i was going to do is for us
my life so I found some classes
and I worked on it through
college and at the end of
undergrad it was med school or
the circus and I chose the
circus so you Tony by probably
by 817 you were in a position to
tell your parents you want to
run away and join the circus
that's what you're telling me
here yeah
they're equal will show you
thanks for sharing some time
with us on star talk about an
eagle
I'll come watch you one day and
we'll take physics notes and
we'll compare notes
absolutely okay what-what law of
physics kept you alive and what
would have killed you had you
messed up okay alright thanks
Sonia all right about yeah right